Clarify instructions for CLBlast on Android (#706)
ggerganov/ggml: README.md

    -DCMAKE_ANDROID_NDK=$ANDROID_NDK_PATH \
    -DCMAKE_ANDROID_STL_TYPE=c++_static \
    -DOPENCL_ROOT=$(readlink -f ../../OpenCL-Headers) \
    -DCMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_LIBRARY=BOTH \
    -DCMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_INCLUDE=BOTH

# Build libclblast.so
make -j4
```

Pull `libGLES_mali.so` to `libOpenCL.so`.

```bash
# In ggml project root.
mkdir arm64-v8a
adb pull /system/vendor/lib64/egl/libGLES_mali.so arm64-v8a/libOpenCL.so
```

Build ggml with CLBlast.

```bash
# In ggml/build
cd build
$ANDROID_SDK_PATH/cmake/3.22.1/bin/cmake .. \
    -DGGML_CLBLAST=ON \
    -DCMAKE_SYSTEM_NAME=Android \
    -DCMAKE_SYSTEM_VERSION=33 \
    -DCMAKE_ANDROID_ARCH_ABI=arm64-v8a \
    -DCMAKE_ANDROID_NDK=$ANDROID_NDK_PATH \
    -DCMAKE_ANDROID_STL_TYPE=c++_shared \
    -DCMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_INCLUDE=BOTH \
    -DCMAKE_FIND_ROOT_PATH_MODE_LIBRARY=BOTH \
    -DCLBLAST_HOME=$(readlink -f ../../CLBlast) \
    -DOPENCL_LIB=$(readlink -f ../arm64-v8a/libOpenCL.so)

# Run make, adb push, etc.
```

Then in `adb shell`...

```bash
cd /data/local/tmp
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/system/vendor/lib64/egl:/data/local/tmp
./bin/gpt-2-backend -m models/ggml-model.bin -n 64 -p "Pepperoni pizza"
```

> OpenCL does not have the same level of support as CUDA or Metal. In the
> `gpt-2-backend` example (or any other really), OpenCL will only be used for the
> matrix multiplications when evaluating large prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenCL does not have the same level of support in `ggml-backend` as CUDA or Metal. In the `gpt-2-backend` example, OpenCL will only be used for the
matrix multiplications when evaluating large prompts.
```
